[HC-1789] - Adding TOC and replacing Error Messages table for a list (#600)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Software Support/Upload/Fix-udev-rules-on-Linux.md

---

In this article:

<!-- TOC -->

- [Related Error Messages](#related-error-messages)
- [Automatic configuration](#automatic-configuration)
- [Resources](#resources)

<!-- /TOC -->

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Another undocumented convention: a TOC should follow the opening paragraph without a divider.

---

In this article:

<!-- TOC -->

- [Related Error Messages](#related-error-messages)
- [Automatic configuration](#automatic-configuration)
- [Resources](#resources)

<!-- /TOC -->

---

## Related Error Messages

> If your `udev` rules are missing or configured incorrectly, you may see errors similar to the following depending on your board:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `udev` rules are missing or configured incorrectly, you may see one of these error messages:
```

- **GIGA R1 WiFi / Portenta H7 / Portenta C33 / UNO R4**
  - `dfu-util: Cannot open DFU device 2341:0366 found on devnum X (LIBUSB_ERROR_ACCESS)`
  - `dfu-util: No DFU capable USB device available`
  - `Failed uploading: uploading error: exit status 74`
- **Nicla Sense ME**
  - `Error: unable to open CMSIS-DAP device 0x2341:0x60`
  - `Error: unable to find a matching CMSIS-DAP device`
  - `Failed uploading: uploading error: exit status 1`
- **Nano Every / UNO WiFi Rev2**
  - `avrdude: jtagmkII_getsync(): sign-on command: status -1`
  - `avrdude: usbdev_open(): cannot open device: Permission denied`
  - `Failed uploading: uploading error: exit status 1`
- **Nano RP2040 Connect**
  - `Failed uploading: uploading error: exit status 1`
- **UNO Q**
  - `Error: exit status 1: adb: insufficient permissions for device: missing udev rules? user is in the plugdev group`

>   - `Failed uploading: uploading error: exit status 1`

Reviewer: To keep this simple, I suggest we collapse the list and remove the "exit status 1/74" errors that appear for any failed upload.

```suggestion
- `dfu-util: Cannot open DFU device 2341:0366 found on devnum X (LIBUSB_ERROR_ACCESS)`
- `dfu-util: No DFU capable USB device available`
- `Error: unable to open CMSIS-DAP device 0x2341:<Product_ID>`
- `Error: unable to find a matching CMSIS-DAP device`
- `avrdude: jtagmkII_getsync(): sign-on command: status -1`
- `avrdude: usbdev_open(): cannot open device: Permission denied`
- `Error: exit status 1: adb: insufficient permissions for device: missing udev rules? user is in the plugdev group`
```
